the leader of the terminators is such a nickname friends
Dave Irina Leven Lt. Israeli
Army girl invents and creates
robot scouts smart machines can and
protect from bullet and ammunition bring
and wounded in a safe place to drag
different electronic mechanisms and
extraordinary gallantry even in
surrounded by enemies they do not forget gives
home flowers and the main laws
robotics material and radina lava
or doesn’t create a new one yet
from the children's designer
assure such a moment
skin feels jealous looks
photo cells remaining members of the pack on
tracked for which she
the creator where the hall is a small delta
offended not obeying she came up with him
for an elite reconnaissance unit
the robot throws out the window
he lands on soft caterpillars and
creeps shows a person where as from
what weapons in the rooms 10
peeping she remember the war in native
tajikistan
could not leave the house and played only with
brother and only in typewriter he explained
if you stay alone don't be afraid to appear
you are the leader of the machine your flock
Today Irina explains my little trucks
I grew up making them adult lessons
I develop an idea here and that should be able to
technicians cast iron idea that
touches gold which should
walk between houses to look
so let's say terrorists then we send
robots if the robot does not work means
This means that a soldier must go and
to fight instead do not save lives and
and the creation of scientific principles of robots from
science fiction writer
the robot can not harm humans
the robot must take care of its
security but not to the detriment of security
man that's why the pack leader
epsilon darkly sort along the border with
gas sector
one brand wife complete clarity to people
here is dangerous the Hamas militants promised
stealing people of border guards so here
robots patrol
if necessary he can bring cartridges or
drag off the wounded man when epsilon
detect suspicious lead him
brother theta iron hand
ted drag aside and crushes with friend everything
what is bad lies along the border strip
what man can teach the robot
virtually no limit there is an extra
man with anyone
still creators of combat robots
self-stranded chief classic
principle
the robot executes any human command
until it becomes
dangerous to another person
only human choice
Irina says not because of technical
progress but because of the principles of azimova she
does not let terminators roam
the creator of iron brains hammered iron
principle to think is none of your business leader pack
man-mountain they pass there when
robots will have to decide to shoot or not
shoot a man
to those who whole day was good fellow put
walk with the creator who these
half an hour a day
allows herself to be girlish by dreaming about
her dream job for which she is not
creator and just a girlfriend terminator
with you a coffee pro is ready to clean there
and
the room and glad knew the british kirov 2 in
Israel